Praised Jesus and Mary, hello to everyone
who
will watch this video.
All of you know that my name is Stjepan Brčina
and
that we have not published video for a while.
I believe that
this new testimony will benefit all of you.
You
must be asking why so
many
of our youth take
the wrong path.
Away from their morals
and faith.
How is it that somebody gets addicted to drugs?
How to get out of it?
How
to react if somebody has been under influence
of drugs for years?
And what is the family going trough that time?
About that, today, will talk this young married
couple.
Today are with me here Nikolina and Josip
Topić.
Josip has been treated for
drug addiction for 4 years.
And thankfully his wife Nikolina, as Josip
says, has
saved him.
I want to thank you
for finding time
to
come here.
To share your testimony, carrying
a
cross that